{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red242\green244\blue245;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c83137;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c7843;
\cssrgb\c96078\c96471\c96863;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You've been hired to help a client analyze the Manhattan vacation rental market. They want guidance on which property types to invest in, and your task is to analyze Airbnb data for insights.\cb1 \
\cb3 You\'92ll make your recommendations by answering these questions:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Which neighborhoods and property sizes (i.e. number of bedrooms) are most attractive for vacation rentals?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How much money did these listings generate?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 1. Which neighborhoods and property sizes i.e. number of bedrooms are most attractive for vacation rentals?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 To answer this question, you\'92ll need to analyze the following information using pivot tables:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The neighborhoods which are most attractive for vacation rentals\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The property sizes (i.e., how many bedrooms) that are most popular for vacation rentals\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If different neighborhoods have different preferences for property sizes\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cb3 We\'92ll use reviews in the last 12 months, which are stored in the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf2 \cb4 number_of_reviews_ltm
\fs36 \cf2 \cb3  **column.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Which 10 neighborhoods are most attractive for vacation rentals?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb5 \uc0\u55358 \u56825  Before you analyze the neighborhood data, clean the neighborhood column labels. Make sure you remove inconsistent capitalization and trailing spaces. Clean values should be stored in a separate column called 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 neighborhood_clean
\fs36 \cb5 .\cb1 \
\cb3 Using 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 number_of_reviews_ltm
\fs36 \cb3  as a criterion of attractiveness, build a pivot table to answer this question: Which 10 neighborhoods are most attractive for vacation rentals?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 2. How much money did the most attractive listings generate?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 At this point, we should have narrowed down our listings to the top-10 neighborhoods based on reviews in the last 12 months, and then the most popular-sized property for each of those neighborhoods. This comes down to 1-bedroom listings for all our top neighborhoods except for Midtown, whose most popular size was studios. Add a new column in listings called 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf2 \cb4 top_listing
\fs36 \cf2 \cb3  that has a value of 1 if a listing matches these criteria, else 0.\cb1 \
\cb3 Let\'92s calculate how much money our top listings made using the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf2 \cb4 calendar
\fs36 \cf2 \cb3  **sheet and use that as a way to rank the data. This can be done by summing the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf2 \cb4 adjusted_price
\fs36 \cf2 \cb3  for each day a property is rented, then estimating annual revenue by multiplying the 30-day total by 12. Let\'92s prepare the data:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Add a new column to the calendar data called 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 revenue_earned
\fs36 \cb3 , representing the revenue earned each night. If 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 available
\fs36 \cb3  is "f" (indicating the property was rented), set 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 revenue_earned
\fs36 \cb3  to the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 adjusted_price
\fs36 \cb3 ; otherwise, set it to $0.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the listings data, create a new column also called 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 revenue_earned
\fs36 \cb3 . Use the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 SUMIF()
\fs36 \cb3  function to bring over the total 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 revenue_earned
\fs36 \cb3  from the 30-day calendar data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Create a pivot table that orders all our top listings according to revenue. Make sure to use 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 top_listing
\fs36 \cb3  as a filter.\
}