{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c83137;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c7843;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The superstore is in peril! You have been hired as a consultant to review the superstore\'92s operations and increase its profitability to avoid bankruptcy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 Part 1: Profits & losses\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 First, we'll try to identify the important centers of profit and loss for the superstore.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Among the pairs of dimensions (e.g., subcategory + region, or shipping mode + product ID) which are the two biggest profit centers and two biggest loss-makers? Justify your conclusion with a visualization.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Which products should the superstore stop selling? Justify your conclusion with a visualization.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Which product subcategories should the store focus on and which should they stop selling? Choose 3 of each.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Part 2: Advertising\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 The superstore wants to know if advertising would be worth it. Advertising works over time and geography, and your average profit per unit sold should be high enough to justify it.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Identify the 3 best combinations of states and month of the year to advertise in. Make a visualization of the average profit for each month of the year for those 3 states and argue how much you would be {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://beprofit.co/a/blog/what-is-considered-a-good-roas-for-e-commerce"}}{\fldrslt \ul willing to pay in advertising}} for those states in those months.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 You should be most willing to pay for advertisements based on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/accounting/roas-return-on-ad-spend/"}}{\fldrslt \ul return on ad spend}} ratio. Let's say you should be willing to spend 1/5 of profits on advertising for this exercise.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Part 3: Returned items\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 In the last part, we\'92ll use the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cf2 \cb4 Returns
\fs36 \cf2 \cb3  table to see if some products have abnormal rates of being returned to the store.\cf2 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 Returned
\fs36 \cb3  field into a calculated field where the null values are 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 0
\fs36 \cb3  and the 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 Yes
\fs36 \cb3  values are 
\fs30\fsmilli15300 \cb4 1
\fs36 \cb3 .\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use this new field to make a visualization for each of the following questions: 1. Which products have the highest return rate? 2. Which customers have the highest return rate?\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In a separate sheet, make a visualization of the average profit against the average return rate on a dimension of your choice (state, shipping mode, product type, etc.). Present a visual argument why the superstore should do away with or keep doing business on the basis of this dimension.\cb1 \
}